fixing connector pre-requisites (#11)
Azure/impact-reporting-samples: docs/index.md

Reviewer: Can we update it to,

"Needed at the subscription scope for executing steps related to:

Creating the custom role that enables the connector to read alerts
Assigning the custom role to the Connector Service"

to keep consistency with the first two points?

Below are steps needed to create an impact Connector for Azure Monitor Alerts

#### Pre-Requisites

| Type     | Details      |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| **Contributor Permissions** | Needed at the subscription scope for executing steps related to: <li>Resource provider registration</li><li>Enable Connector preview feature</li><li>Create the Impact Connector resource</li> |

> | **User Access Administrator Permissions** | Needed at the subscription scope for executing steps related to: <li>Create the custom role that enables the connector to read alerts</li><li>Assign the custom role to the Connector Service</li> |

Author: ```suggestion
| **User Access Administrator Permissions** | Needed at the subscription scope for executing steps related to: <li>Creating the custom role that enables the Connector to read alerts</li><li>Assigning the custom role to the Connector service</li> |
```
